# Discount by a company for upscaling sales- Is it worth?
Eniac is an e-commerce company which is finding a way between upgrading customer satisfaction and their total revenue generated by offering discounts on their products.

###### Approach:
 1. Products are categorized into 15 different categories.
 2. Using **Pareto 80-20 rule**, top product categories were chosen(20%) which is contribuiting to 80% of the total sales.
 3. Trend of avg. discount offered on the top product categries was observed yearly.
 4. Total revenue generated by the top 4 categories was observed yearly.
 5. Special observation on the sales  about the seasonality and festivity.
 
###### Results:
 - There’s no specific correlation between discount and revenue.
 - ENIAC’s business is a seasonal business focused heavily on November/December (festivities).
 - Sales in March- 2017, was the lowest in all product categories.
 
###### Recommendations on offering discounts:
  For January - October:
- Keep average discount for loyal big companies.
- Decrease discounts for new, individual customers, but keep discount close to average of competitors.
 
 
###### About data:
 1. All the cleaned csv files used in the analysis can be found in data folder. (https://github.com/tejalsungra/Project_2_eniac_discounts/tree/main/data)
 2. Main code notebook (https://github.com/tejalsungra/Project_2_eniac_discounts/blob/main/project_eniac_discounts.ipynb).
 3. Data cleaning notebooks (https://github.com/tejalsungra/Project_2_eniac_discounts/tree/main/data_cleaning_quality). 
 
###### Challenges:
 Inconsistencies in the data  were handeled by:
  - Removing duplicate rows
  - Dealt with products with two dots in the price using Regex
  - Dealt with missing values
  - Converting into appropriate data type

